Add deprecation warning re unset namespace in k8s hook (#27202)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/cncf/kubernetes/CHANGELOG.rst

* KubernetsPodOperator argument ``namespace`` is now optional.  If not supplied via KPO param or pod template file or full pod spec, then we'll check the airflow conn,
  then if in a k8s pod, try to infer the namespace from the container, then finally will use the ``default`` namespace.

Deprecations
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * In KubernetesHook if connection defined but namespace unset, we currently return 'default'; this behavior is deprecated. In next release, we'll return ``None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In ``KubernetesHook.get_namespace``, if a connection is defined but a namespace isn't set, we currently return 'default'; this behavior is deprecated. In the next release, we'll return ``None``.
```
